solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact creating
creating transforming
transforming companies
companies launched
launched empowered
empowered 100+
100+ companies,
companies, understand
understand processes,
processes, passion,
passion, dedication
dedication hard
hard work
work takes
takes create
create support
support growing
growing product.
product. team
team specialises
specialises developing
developing new
new applications,
applications, also
also upgrading
upgrading existing
existing applications
applications replacing
replacing antiquated
antiquated technology
technology keep
keep companies
companies ahead
ahead curve.
curve. pioneers
pioneers modern
modern development
development decades
decades experience
experience using
using hybrid
hybrid onshore
onshore offshore
offshore development
development optimize
optimize speed
speed market,
market, return
return investment,
investment, scale.
scale. leverage
leverage latest
latest collaborative
collaborative development
development practices
practices processes
processes give
give us
us edge
edge competition.
competition. accelerating
accelerating growth
growth use
use deep
deep technical
technical expertise
expertise turn
turn complex
complex challenges
challenges products
products also
also reduce
reduce time
time market.
market. results
results game
game changing.
changing. products
products span
span industries
industries including
including healthcare,
healthcare, transport,
transport, automotive,
automotive, e-commerce,
e-commerce, software
software engineering,
engineering, video-audio
video-audio solutions,
solutions, more..
more.. solutions
solutions modern
modern web
web frameworks
frameworks big
big data
data analytics
analytics cloud
cloud devops
devops artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence machine
machine learning
learning saas
saas mobile
mobile apps
apps technical
technical assessment
assessment quality
quality engineering
engineering digital
digital solutions
solutions rapidly
rapidly transforming
transforming industries
industries healthcare
healthcare transport
transport travel
travel automotive
automotive e-commerce
e-commerce software
software engineering
engineering video-audio
video-audio solutions
solutions digital
digital marketing
marketing advertising
advertising customer
customer relationship
relationship management
management industries
industries culture,
culture, people
people biggest
biggest assets
assets team
team meet
meet dream
dream team
team csr
csr day
day spent
spent children
children affected
affected hiv/aids
hiv/aids desire
desire society.
society. sports
sports organization
organization sports
sports enthusiasts
enthusiasts diwali
diwali culturally
culturally rich
rich organisation
organisation celebrating
celebrating festival
festival lights.
lights. christmas
christmas celebrations
celebrations celebrating
celebrating christmas
christmas jtg
jtg way
way jtg
jtg 10
10 year
year anniversary
anniversary celebrating
celebrating decade
decade success
success snacks
snacks beverages
beverages house
house round
round clock
clock themed
themed house
house parties
parties team
team engagement
engagement program
program action-packed
action-packed day
day best
best western
western resort
resort hackathon
hackathon jtg’s
jtg’s bi-annual
bi-annual high-octane
high-octane coding
coding competition
competition jtg
jtg offsite
offsite 2019
2019 adventurous
adventurous trip
trip jim
jim corbett
corbett park
park let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! products
products solutions
solutions created
created domain
domain experts
experts span
span decade
decade received
received venture
venture capitalist
capitalist funding
funding $340
$340 million.
million. let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! successfully
successfully created,
created, transformed
transformed launched
launched 91
91 products
products spread
spread across
across various
various industries
industries working
working many
many exciting
exciting new
new ones.
ones. let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! team
team 210+
210+ experts
experts experienced
experienced professionals
professionals continue
continue make
make difference
difference sphere
sphere global
global businesses
businesses use
use cutting-edge
cutting-edge technology.
technology. $340m+
$340m+ capital
capital invested
invested clients
clients 91+
91+ product
product solutions
solutions deployed
deployed market
market 210+
210+ team
team members
members $340m+
$340m+ capital
capital invested
invested clients
clients let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! products
products solutions
solutions created
created domain
domain experts
experts span
span decade
decade received
received venture
venture capitalist
capitalist funding
funding $340
$340 million.
million. 91+
91+ product
product solutions
solutions deployed
deployed market
market let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! successfully
successfully created,
created, transformed
transformed launched
launched 91
91 products
products spread
spread across
across various
various industries
industries working
working many
many exciting
exciting new
new ones.
ones. 210+
210+ team
team members
members let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! team
team 210+
210+ experts
experts experienced
experienced professionals
professionals continue
continue make
make difference
difference sphere
sphere global
global businesses
businesses use
use cutting-edge
cutting-edge technology.
technology. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact creating
creating transforming
transforming companies
companies launched
launched empowered
empowered 100+
100+ companies,
companies, understand
understand processes,
processes, passion,
passion, dedication
dedication hard
hard work
work takes
takes create
create support
support growing
growing product.
product. team
team specialises
specialises developing
developing new
new applications,
applications, also
also upgrading
upgrading existing
existing applications
applications replacing
replacing antiquated
antiquated technology
technology keep
keep companies
companies ahead
ahead curve.
curve. pioneers
pioneers modern
modern development
development decades
decades experience
experience using
using hybrid
hybrid onshore
onshore offshore
offshore development
development optimize
optimize speed
speed market,
market, return
return investment,
investment, scale.
scale. leverage
leverage latest
latest collaborative
collaborative development
development practices
practices processes
processes give
give us
us edge
edge competition.
competition. accelerating
accelerating growth
growth use
use deep
deep technical
technical expertise
expertise turn
turn complex
complex challenges
challenges products
products also
also reduce
reduce time
time market.
market. results
results game
game changing.
changing. products
products span
span industries
industries including
including healthcare,
healthcare, transport,
transport, automotive,
automotive, e-commerce,
e-commerce, software
software engineering,
engineering, video-audio
video-audio solutions,
solutions, more..
more.. solutions
solutions modern
modern web
web frameworks
frameworks big
big data
data analytics
analytics cloud
cloud devops
devops artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence machine
machine learning
learning saas
saas mobile
mobile apps
apps technical
technical assessment
assessment quality
quality engineering
engineering digital
digital solutions
solutions rapidly
rapidly transforming
transforming industries
industries healthcare
healthcare transport
transport travel
travel automotive
automotive e-commerce
e-commerce software
software engineering
engineering video-audio
video-audio solutions
solutions digital
digital marketing
marketing advertising
advertising customer
customer relationship
relationship management
management industries
industries culture,
culture, people
people biggest
biggest assets
assets team
team meet
meet dream
dream team
team csr
csr day
day spent
spent children
children affected
affected hiv/aids
hiv/aids desire
desire society.
society. sports
sports organization
organization sports
sports enthusiasts
enthusiasts diwali
diwali culturally
culturally rich
rich organisation
organisation celebrating
celebrating festival
festival lights.
lights. christmas
christmas celebrations
celebrations celebrating
celebrating christmas
christmas jtg
jtg way
way jtg
jtg 10
10 year
year anniversary
anniversary celebrating
celebrating decade
decade success
success snacks
snacks beverages
beverages house
house round
round clock
clock themed
themed house
house parties
parties team
team engagement
engagement program
program action-packed
action-packed day
day best
best western
western resort
resort hackathon
hackathon jtg’s
jtg’s bi-annual
bi-annual high-octane
high-octane coding
coding competition
competition jtg
jtg offsite
offsite 2019
2019 adventurous
adventurous trip
trip jim
jim corbett
corbett park
park let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! products
products solutions
solutions created
created domain
domain experts
experts span
span decade
decade received
received venture
venture capitalist
capitalist funding
funding $340
$340 million.
million. let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! successfully
successfully created,
created, transformed
transformed launched
launched 91
91 products
products spread
spread across
across various
various industries
industries working
working many
many exciting
exciting new
new ones.
ones. let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! team
team 210+
210+ experts
experts experienced
experienced professionals
professionals continue
continue make
make difference
difference sphere
sphere global
global businesses
businesses use
use cutting-edge
cutting-edge technology.
technology. $340m+
$340m+ capital
capital invested
invested clients
clients 91+
91+ product
product solutions
solutions deployed
deployed market
market 210+
210+ team
team members
members $340m+
$340m+ capital
capital invested
invested clients
clients let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! products
products solutions
solutions created
created domain
domain experts
experts span
span decade
decade received
received venture
venture capitalist
capitalist funding
funding $340
$340 million.
million. 91+
91+ product
product solutions
solutions deployed
deployed market
market let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! successfully
successfully created,
created, transformed
transformed launched
launched 91
91 products
products spread
spread across
across various
various industries
industries working
working many
many exciting
exciting new
new ones.
ones. 210+
210+ team
team members
members let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! team
team 210+
210+ experts
experts experienced
experienced professionals
professionals continue
continue make
make difference
difference sphere
sphere global
global businesses
businesses use
use cutting-edge
cutting-edge technology.
technology. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact create
create unique,
unique, customized,
customized, forward-compatible
forward-compatible technological
technological products
products focused
focused transforming
transforming landscape
landscape businesses
businesses globally.
globally. team
team experts
experts also
also make
make partners
partners future-ready
future-ready overhauling
overhauling legacy
legacy systems
systems leveraging
leveraging advanced
advanced technology
technology drive
drive growth
growth success.
success. solutions
solutions building
building cutting-edge
cutting-edge technological
technological products
products modern
modern web
web frameworks
frameworks big
big data
data analytics
analytics cloud
cloud devops
devops artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence machine
machine learning
learning saas
saas mobile
mobile apps
apps technical
technical assessment
assessment quality
quality engineering
engineering industries
industries revolutionized
revolutionized transformed
transformed healthcare
healthcare transport
transport travel
travel automotive
automotive e-commerce
e-commerce software
software engineering
engineering video-audio
video-audio solutions
solutions digital
digital marketing
marketing advertising
advertising customer
customer relationship
relationship management
management jtg
jtg labs
labs ventures
ventures take
take pride
pride resounding
resounding success
success ventures
ventures set
set new
new benchmarks
benchmarks revolutionizing
revolutionizing industries.
industries. pod.ai
pod.ai india’s
india’s largest
largest career
career building
building recruiting
recruiting platform
platform students,
students, colleges,
colleges, alumni
alumni companies
companies collaborate.
collaborate. chqbook
chqbook india's
india's largest
largest marketplace
marketplace ai
ai based
based personalized
personalized financial
financial services
services winner
winner super
super startup
startup asia
asia 2018.
2018. mentorcloud
mentorcloud cloud-based
cloud-based global
global platform
platform mentoring
mentoring conversations
conversations relationships
relationships help
help organisations
organisations grow
grow faster.
faster. hyfy
hyfy platform
platform record
record share
share personalized
personalized videos
videos bite-sized
bite-sized gifs.
gifs. part
part drift
drift video.
video. open
open source
source strive
strive make
make meaningful
meaningful contribution
contribution open
open source
source community
community innovative
innovative projects
projects aimed
aimed optimizing
optimizing software
software development.
development. standup
standup raven
raven mattermost
mattermost plugin
plugin internal
internal communication
communication daily
daily standups
standups across
across teams.
teams. ireflect
ireflect feedback
feedback tool
tool teams
teams individuals
individuals focus
focus projects'
projects' sprint
sprint delivery
delivery quality
quality analysis
analysis attain
attain goals.
goals. launching
launching soon..
soon.. atlas
atlas atlas
atlas (automation
(automation tool
tool load
load analysis
analysis simulation)
simulation) load
load testing
testing tool
tool integrates
integrates load
load test
test runner
runner run
run theme
theme present
present output
output graphical
graphical form.
form. launcing
launcing soon..
soon.. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact hey!
hey! we’ve
we’ve looking
looking you!
you! continuously
continuously reshaping
reshaping technology
technology landscape
landscape creating
creating products
products revolutionise
revolutionise businesses
businesses drive
drive growth.
growth. create
create new
new opportunities,
opportunities, solve
solve challenging
challenging problems
problems deliver
deliver high-quality
high-quality software
software solutions.
solutions. believe
believe growing
growing together,
together, scaling
scaling new
new heights!
heights! dynamic,
dynamic, vibrant,
vibrant, super-energetic
super-energetic vibe
vibe josh
josh sure
sure infectious!
infectious! keep
keep making
making difference,
difference, we’re
we’re going
going need
need passionate
passionate driven
driven individuals.
individuals. join
join us
us create
create products
products create
create legacy
legacy learning,
learning, innovation,
innovation, achievements.
achievements. current
current openings
openings current
current openings
openings us?
us? culture
culture growth,
growth, mentorship,
mentorship, learning.
learning. opportunity
opportunity ideate,
ideate, create
create innovate.
innovate. live
live tons
tons parties,
parties, sporting
sporting events,
events, hackathons,
hackathons, offsites,
offsites, activities
activities much
much more!
more! collaboration
collaboration global
global best
best open
open friendly
friendly environment
environment forges
forges strong
strong bonds.
bonds. flexible
flexible timings,
timings, flexible
flexible salary
salary options,
options, medical
medical insurance,
insurance, recreation
recreation zone,
zone, rewarding
rewarding referral
referral policy,
policy, lot
lot more!
more! values
values current
current openings
openings passion
passion succeed
succeed passion
passion limited
limited creating
creating products.
products. seeing
seeing bigger
bigger picture
picture changing
changing global
global landscape
landscape goal.
goal. mantra
mantra create
create high
high value
value drive
drive long
long term
term success.
success. right
right believe
believe going
going extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes getting
getting things
things right.
right. keeping
keeping minds
minds open,
open, leverage
leverage common
common sense,
sense, hands-on
hands-on experience
experience domain
domain expertise
expertise well
well right.
right. best
best committed
committed innovation,
innovation, improvement,
improvement, empowerment.
empowerment. constantly
constantly strive
strive best
best eye
eye shaping
shaping future
future technology.
technology. human
human culture
culture based
based inclusion,
inclusion, empathy,
empathy, mutual
mutual respect
respect professional
professional integrity.
integrity. today’s
today’s competitive
competitive landscape
landscape full
full talented
talented people,
people, kind
kind go
go long
long way
way building
building long
long term
term relationships.
relationships. jtg
jtg university
university training
training programme
programme especially
especially organised
organised you.
you. jtg
jtg university
university two
two month
month bootcamp
bootcamp new
new recruits,
recruits, inspired
inspired award-winning
award-winning study
study harvard
harvard business
business school
school professors,
professors, thomas
thomas j.
j. delong
delong michael
michael paley.
paley. designed
designed transform
transform fresh
fresh young
young minds
minds seasoned
seasoned industry-ready
industry-ready technical
technical leaders,
leaders, program
program focuses
focuses training
training recruits
recruits leverage
leverage advanced
advanced technology
technology develop
develop solutions,
solutions, handle
handle critical
critical situations
situations deliver
deliver success,
success, quality
quality vital
vital benchmark.
benchmark. unique
unique training
training program
program peppers
peppers work
work weekly
weekly parties,
parties, events
events activities
activities aplenty
aplenty ensure
ensure fun
fun quotient
quotient always
always sky
sky high.
high. creating
creating environment
environment conducive
conducive learning,
learning, innovating,
innovating, prioritizing
prioritizing working
working smarter
smarter program
program initiation
initiation real
real corporate
corporate world,
world, jtg
jtg university
university teaches
teaches participants
participants power
power teamwork,
teamwork, strong
strong bonds,
bonds, drives
drives home
home truth
truth giving
giving isn’t
isn’t option.
option. current
current openings
openings looking
looking grow
grow team
team experts
experts passionate
passionate share
share core
core values.
values. you’re
you’re looking
looking dynamic
dynamic tech
tech company
company vibrant
vibrant work
work culture,
culture, invaluable
invaluable mentoring,
mentoring, impressive
impressive portfolio
portfolio projects,
projects, great
great opportunities
opportunities you!
you! back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact building
building high
high grade
grade software
software businesses
businesses rely
rely technology
technology engage
engage customers
customers innovation,
innovation, quality
quality speed
speed become
become crucial
crucial delivering
delivering value.
value. partners
partners use
use strategic
strategic offerings
offerings develop
develop design-driven
design-driven advanced
advanced technical
technical solutions
solutions adopt
adopt next-gen
next-gen development
development practices.
practices. leveraging
leveraging collective
collective genius
genius constant
constant upscaling
upscaling technology
technology pivotal
pivotal importance
importance striving
striving create
create global
global impact.
impact. experts
experts work
work collaboratively
collaboratively businesses
businesses keep
keep top
top game
game ever-evolving
ever-evolving world.
world. hiring
hiring best
best prepare
prepare companies
companies become
become industry
industry leaders
leaders best
best make
make happen.
happen. believe
believe making
making significant
significant difference
difference world
world technology
technology core
core values
values resonate
resonate you,
you, jtg
jtg place
place you.
you. values
values current
current openings
openings passion
passion succeed
succeed passion
passion limited
limited creating
creating products.
products. seeing
seeing bigger
bigger picture
picture changing
changing global
global landscape
landscape goal.
goal. mantra
mantra create
create high
high value
value drive
drive long
long term
term success.
success. right
right believe
believe going
going extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes getting
getting things
things right.
right. keeping
keeping minds
minds open,
open, leverage
leverage common
common sense,
sense, hands-on
hands-on experience
experience domain
domain expertise
expertise well
well right.
right. best
best committed
committed innovation,
innovation, improvement,
improvement, empowerment.
empowerment. constantly
constantly strive
strive best
best eye
eye shaping
shaping future
future technology.
technology. human
human culture
culture based
based inclusion,
inclusion, empathy,
empathy, mutual
mutual respect
respect professional
professional integrity.
integrity. today’s
today’s competitive
competitive landscape
landscape full
full talented
talented people,
people, kind
kind go
go long
long way
way building
building long
long term
term relationships.
relationships. 2009
2009 humble
humble beginnings
beginnings co-founded
co-founded amit,
amit, shshank
shshank rishu,
rishu, jtg
jtg started
started operations
operations bangalore.
bangalore. ambitious
ambitious trio
trio embarked
embarked journey
journey vision
vision leveraging
leveraging technology
technology transform
transform ideas
ideas successful
successful ventures.
ventures. 2010
2010 next
next step
step forward
forward successfully
successfully boot-strapped
boot-strapped positive
positive cash
cash flow
flow team
team strength
strength increased
increased 15,
15, jtg
jtg moved
moved headquarters
headquarters national
national capital
capital region.
region. 2014
2014 making
making expansion
expansion official
official eye
eye future
future build
build world
world class
class team,
team, jtg
jtg moves
moves 30000
30000 sq
sq ft
ft space
space one
one gurgaon’s
gurgaon’s prime
prime hubs,
hubs, close
close airport.
airport. 2018
2018 successful
successful product
product launches
launches growing
growing 100+
100+ members,
members, jtg
jtg launched
launched number
number highly
highly successful
successful products,
products, also
also acquired
acquired equity
equity them.
them. launch
launch calyxpod
calyxpod jtg’s
jtg’s first
first venture
venture india,
india, significant
significant milestone.
milestone. leadership
leadership founders
founders founded
founded 2009,
2009, jtg
jtg lead
lead amit
amit yadav
yadav (cto)
(cto) rishu
rishu gupta
gupta (ceo).
(ceo). jtg’s
jtg’s mission
mission help
help companies
companies scale
scale businesses
businesses create
create real
real life
life impact
impact solving
solving toughest
toughest technical
technical business
business problems
problems technology.
technology. strive
strive achieve
achieve long
long term
term success
success creating
creating value
value stakeholders
stakeholders importantly
importantly people
people across
across globe.
globe. amit
amit yadav
yadav technology
technology leader
leader decade
decade experience,
experience, amit
amit specialises
specialises delivering
delivering cutting-edge
cutting-edge technological
technological solutions
solutions make
make clients
clients future-ready.
future-ready. essentially
essentially innovator,
innovator, he’s
he’s well-known
well-known out-of-the-box
out-of-the-box solutions
solutions problem
problem thrown
thrown him!
him! graduate
graduate computer
computer science
science prestigious
prestigious iit
iit roorkee,
roorkee, amit
amit went
went work
work austin-based
austin-based software
software company,
company, trilogy
trilogy co-founding
co-founding josh
josh technology
technology group.
group. worked
worked various
various fortune
fortune 500
500 companies
companies emergent
emergent companies
companies across
across globe
globe deliver
deliver unique
unique technical
technical solutions
solutions proved
proved undisputed
undisputed game
game changers.
changers. spearheading
spearheading software
software development
development jtg,
jtg, amit
amit yadav
yadav believes
believes constant
constant innovation
innovation empowerment
empowerment knowledge
knowledge keep
keep ahead
ahead curve.
curve. father
father two
two lovely
lovely daughters,
daughters, technology
technology isn’t
isn’t thing
thing he’s
he’s passionate
passionate about.
about. avid
avid sports
sports enthusiast,
enthusiast, amit
amit loves
loves playing
playing badminton,
badminton, cricket.
cricket. enjoys
enjoys occasional
occasional culinary
culinary adventures
adventures self-confessed
self-confessed movie
movie buff.
buff. favorites?
favorites? poker
poker chilled
chilled beer
beer (not
(not necessarily
necessarily order)!
order)! rishu
rishu gupta
gupta 15
15 years
years now,
now, rishu
rishu gupta
gupta partnering
partnering fortune
fortune 500
500 emerging
emerging companies
companies bring
bring game
game changing
changing product
product ideas
ideas life.
life. holding
holding majors
majors electronics
electronics prestigious
prestigious nsit,
nsit, rishu
rishu got
got various
various ivy
ivy league
league mba
mba schools
schools decided
decided instead
instead take
take first
first step
step towards
towards childhood
childhood dream
dream become
become entrepreneur.
entrepreneur. rishu’s
rishu’s initial
initial years
years trilogy,
trilogy, austin-based
austin-based software
software company,
company, shaped
shaped future.
future. years
years spearheaded
spearheaded various
various critical
critical product
product launches
launches leading
leading teams
teams spread
spread across
across various
various locations
locations us,
us, india,
india, ukraine,
ukraine, china.
china. keen
keen observer
observer people
people insatiable
insatiable curiosity
curiosity life,
life, there’s
there’s much
much rishu
rishu gupta
gupta loves
loves do.
do. travel
travel enthusiast
enthusiast movie
movie buff
buff love
love cricket,
cricket, rishu
rishu loves
loves globetrotting
globetrotting family.
family. rishu
rishu risk-taker
risk-taker never-say-die
never-say-die attitude
attitude believes
believes there’s
there’s much
much accomplished
accomplished achieved
achieved journey’s
journey’s begun.
begun. guiding
guiding force
force shshank
shshank jain
jain geeky,
geeky, lively,
lively, fun-loving,
fun-loving, party-animal,
party-animal, energetic
energetic high
high life
life words
words describe
describe third
third co-founder
co-founder jtg.
jtg. illustrious
illustrious career
career spanning
spanning decade,
decade, shshank
shshank worked
worked fortune
fortune 500
500 companies
companies telecom,
telecom, automotive
automotive manufacturing
manufacturing sectors
sectors also
also many
many emerging
emerging companies.
companies. penchant
penchant bringing
bringing new
new ideas
ideas life,
life, shashank’s
shashank’s expertise
expertise lay
lay combining
combining technology,
technology, business
business innovation
innovation create
create paradigm
paradigm shift
shift field
field work.
work. though
though shshank
shshank left
left heavenly
heavenly abode
abode 2016
2016 brave
brave battle
battle cancer,
cancer, continues
continues guiding
guiding star
star endeavours
endeavours continue
continue inspired
inspired live
live values.
values. team
team advisors
advisors john
john business
business consultant
consultant alina
alina marketing
marketing head
head ryan
ryan partner
partner board
board member
member jane
jane brand
brand manager
manager investors
investors culture,
culture, people
people biggest
biggest assets
assets team
team meet
meet dream
dream team
team back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact resources
resources culture
culture tech
tech abetterworld
abetterworld becausewecare
becausewecare celebratinglife
celebratinglife celebrations
celebrations christmasspirit
christmasspirit codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition colours
colours cricket
cricket cricketfever
cricketfever csractivity
csractivity dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup diwalifever
diwalifever employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work funatjtg
funatjtg fununlimited
fununlimited giveback
giveback gojtg
gojtg goodtimes
goodtimes hackathon
hackathon health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jpl
jpl jtgbash
jtgbash jtgcricket
jtgcricket jtgculture
jtgculture jtggoodtimes
jtggoodtimes jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite jtgparty
jtgparty jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever kids
kids loveforsports
loveforsports makingadifference
makingadifference mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited offsite2019
offsite2019 partyallnight
partyallnight partyswag
partyswag passionforcodes
passionforcodes philanthropy
philanthropy socialwork
socialwork spiritofgiving
spiritofgiving sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis teambuilding
teambuilding teamouting
teamouting warofcodes
warofcodes water
water wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram sort
sort recently
recently added
added oldest
oldest newest
newest january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team i...
i... 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. the...
the... september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact e...
e... last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could...
could... april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions t...
t... codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition +3
+3 april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiativ...
initiativ... cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. ...
... cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work +3
+3 offsite
offsite april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team ...
... fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited +4
+4 march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler...
cooler... aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country and...
and... abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity +4
+4 festivals
festivals march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!...
animals!... colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours +4
+4 february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking t...
t... cricket
cricket foosball
foosball +5
+5 employee
employee wellness
wellness initiative
initiative january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up c...
c... health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting...
conducting... becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup +4
+4 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact hello!
hello! let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back josh
josh technology
technology group
group #861,
#861, phase
phase 5,
5, udyog
udyog vihar,
vihar, gurugram,
gurugram, haryana.
haryana. national
national capital
capital region.
region. india.
india. 122016
122016 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact creating
creating transforming
transforming companies
companies launched
launched empowered
empowered 100+
100+ companies,
companies, understand
understand processes,
processes, passion,
passion, dedication
dedication hard
hard work
work takes
takes create
create support
support growing
growing product.
product. team
team specialises
specialises developing
developing new
new applications,
applications, also
also upgrading
upgrading existing
existing applications
applications replacing
replacing antiquated
antiquated technology
technology keep
keep companies
companies ahead
ahead curve.
curve. pioneers
pioneers modern
modern development
development decades
decades experience
experience using
using hybrid
hybrid onshore
onshore offshore
offshore development
development optimize
optimize speed
speed market,
market, return
return investment,
investment, scale.
scale. leverage
leverage latest
latest collaborative
collaborative development
development practices
practices processes
processes give
give us
us edge
edge competition.
competition. accelerating
accelerating growth
growth use
use deep
deep technical
technical expertise
expertise turn
turn complex
complex challenges
challenges products
products also
also reduce
reduce time
time market.
market. results
results game
game changing.
changing. products
products span
span industries
industries including
including healthcare,
healthcare, transport,
transport, automotive,
automotive, e-commerce,
e-commerce, software
software engineering,
engineering, video-audio
video-audio solutions,
solutions, more..
more.. solutions
solutions modern
modern web
web frameworks
frameworks big
big data
data analytics
analytics cloud
cloud devops
devops artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence machine
machine learning
learning saas
saas mobile
mobile apps
apps technical
technical assessment
assessment quality
quality engineering
engineering digital
digital solutions
solutions rapidly
rapidly transforming
transforming industries
industries healthcare
healthcare transport
transport travel
travel automotive
automotive e-commerce
e-commerce software
software engineering
engineering video-audio
video-audio solutions
solutions digital
digital marketing
marketing advertising
advertising customer
customer relationship
relationship management
management industries
industries culture,
culture, people
people biggest
biggest assets
assets team
team meet
meet dream
dream team
team csr
csr day
day spent
spent children
children affected
affected hiv/aids
hiv/aids desire
desire society.
society. sports
sports organization
organization sports
sports enthusiasts
enthusiasts diwali
diwali culturally
culturally rich
rich organisation
organisation celebrating
celebrating festival
festival lights.
lights. christmas
christmas celebrations
celebrations celebrating
celebrating christmas
christmas jtg
jtg way
way jtg
jtg 10
10 year
year anniversary
anniversary celebrating
celebrating decade
decade success
success snacks
snacks beverages
beverages house
house round
round clock
clock themed
themed house
house parties
parties team
team engagement
engagement program
program action-packed
action-packed day
day best
best western
western resort
resort hackathon
hackathon jtg’s
jtg’s bi-annual
bi-annual high-octane
high-octane coding
coding competition
competition jtg
jtg offsite
offsite 2019
2019 adventurous
adventurous trip
trip jim
jim corbett
corbett park
park let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! products
products solutions
solutions created
created domain
domain experts
experts span
span decade
decade received
received venture
venture capitalist
capitalist funding
funding $340
$340 million.
million. let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! successfully
successfully created,
created, transformed
transformed launched
launched 91
91 products
products spread
spread across
across various
various industries
industries working
working many
many exciting
exciting new
new ones.
ones. let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! team
team 210+
210+ experts
experts experienced
experienced professionals
professionals continue
continue make
make difference
difference sphere
sphere global
global businesses
businesses use
use cutting-edge
cutting-edge technology.
technology. $340m+
$340m+ capital
capital invested
invested clients
clients 91+
91+ product
product solutions
solutions deployed
deployed market
market 210+
210+ team
team members
members $340m+
$340m+ capital
capital invested
invested clients
clients let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! products
products solutions
solutions created
created domain
domain experts
experts span
span decade
decade received
received venture
venture capitalist
capitalist funding
funding $340
$340 million.
million. 91+
91+ product
product solutions
solutions deployed
deployed market
market let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! successfully
successfully created,
created, transformed
transformed launched
launched 91
91 products
products spread
spread across
across various
various industries
industries working
working many
many exciting
exciting new
new ones.
ones. 210+
210+ team
team members
members let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! team
team 210+
210+ experts
experts experienced
experienced professionals
professionals continue
continue make
make difference
difference sphere
sphere global
global businesses
businesses use
use cutting-edge
cutting-edge technology.
technology. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact hello!
hello! let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back josh
josh technology
technology group
group #861,
#861, phase
phase 5,
5, udyog
udyog vihar,
vihar, gurugram,
gurugram, haryana.
haryana. national
national capital
capital region.
region. india.
india. 122016
122016 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact creating
creating transforming
transforming companies
companies launched
launched empowered
empowered 100+
100+ companies,
companies, understand
understand processes,
processes, passion,
passion, dedication
dedication hard
hard work
work takes
takes create
create support
support growing
growing product.
product. team
team specialises
specialises developing
developing new
new applications,
applications, also
also upgrading
upgrading existing
existing applications
applications replacing
replacing antiquated
antiquated technology
technology keep
keep companies
companies ahead
ahead curve.
curve. pioneers
pioneers modern
modern development
development decades
decades experience
experience using
using hybrid
hybrid onshore
onshore offshore
offshore development
development optimize
optimize speed
speed market,
market, return
return investment,
investment, scale.
scale. leverage
leverage latest
latest collaborative
collaborative development
development practices
practices processes
processes give
give us
us edge
edge competition.
competition. accelerating
accelerating growth
growth use
use deep
deep technical
technical expertise
expertise turn
turn complex
complex challenges
challenges products
products also
also reduce
reduce time
time market.
market. results
results game
game changing.
changing. products
products span
span industries
industries including
including healthcare,
healthcare, transport,
transport, automotive,
automotive, e-commerce,
e-commerce, software
software engineering,
engineering, video-audio
video-audio solutions,
solutions, more..
more.. solutions
solutions modern
modern web
web frameworks
frameworks big
big data
data analytics
analytics cloud
cloud devops
devops artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence machine
machine learning
learning saas
saas mobile
mobile apps
apps technical
technical assessment
assessment quality
quality engineering
engineering digital
digital solutions
solutions rapidly
rapidly transforming
transforming industries
industries healthcare
healthcare transport
transport travel
travel automotive
automotive e-commerce
e-commerce software
software engineering
engineering video-audio
video-audio solutions
solutions digital
digital marketing
marketing advertising
advertising customer
customer relationship
relationship management
management industries
industries culture,
culture, people
people biggest
biggest assets
assets team
team meet
meet dream
dream team
team csr
csr day
day spent
spent children
children affected
affected hiv/aids
hiv/aids desire
desire society.
society. sports
sports organization
organization sports
sports enthusiasts
enthusiasts diwali
diwali culturally
culturally rich
rich organisation
organisation celebrating
celebrating festival
festival lights.
lights. christmas
christmas celebrations
celebrations celebrating
celebrating christmas
christmas jtg
jtg way
way jtg
jtg 10
10 year
year anniversary
anniversary celebrating
celebrating decade
decade success
success snacks
snacks beverages
beverages house
house round
round clock
clock themed
themed house
house parties
parties team
team engagement
engagement program
program action-packed
action-packed day
day best
best western
western resort
resort hackathon
hackathon jtg’s
jtg’s bi-annual
bi-annual high-octane
high-octane coding
coding competition
competition jtg
jtg offsite
offsite 2019
2019 adventurous
adventurous trip
trip jim
jim corbett
corbett park
park let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! products
products solutions
solutions created
created domain
domain experts
experts span
span decade
decade received
received venture
venture capitalist
capitalist funding
funding $340
$340 million.
million. let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! successfully
successfully created,
created, transformed
transformed launched
launched 91
91 products
products spread
spread across
across various
various industries
industries working
working many
many exciting
exciting new
new ones.
ones. let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! team
team 210+
210+ experts
experts experienced
experienced professionals
professionals continue
continue make
make difference
difference sphere
sphere global
global businesses
businesses use
use cutting-edge
cutting-edge technology.
technology. $340m+
$340m+ capital
capital invested
invested clients
clients 91+
91+ product
product solutions
solutions deployed
deployed market
market 210+
210+ team
team members
members $340m+
$340m+ capital
capital invested
invested clients
clients let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! products
products solutions
solutions created
created domain
domain experts
experts span
span decade
decade received
received venture
venture capitalist
capitalist funding
funding $340
$340 million.
million. 91+
91+ product
product solutions
solutions deployed
deployed market
market let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! successfully
successfully created,
created, transformed
transformed launched
launched 91
91 products
products spread
spread across
across various
various industries
industries working
working many
many exciting
exciting new
new ones.
ones. 210+
210+ team
team members
members let
let numbers
numbers talking!
talking! team
team 210+
210+ experts
experts experienced
experienced professionals
professionals continue
continue make
make difference
difference sphere
sphere global
global businesses
businesses use
use cutting-edge
cutting-edge technology.
technology. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work jtgcricket
jtgcricket loveforsports
loveforsports wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. young
young organization
organization teeming
teeming sporty
sporty millennials,
millennials, jtg’s
jtg’s fun
fun loving
loving bunch
bunch never
never lose
lose opportunity
opportunity indulge
indulge refreshing
refreshing outdoor
outdoor activity.
activity. endeavour
endeavour steer
steer team
team members
members towards
towards healthier
healthier lifestyle
lifestyle started
started much
much anticipated
anticipated cricket
cricket match!
match! match
match held
held 12th
12th april,
april, croire
croire cricket
cricket club
club office
office hours.
hours. comes
comes cricket,
cricket, there’s
there’s need
need coax
coax people
people participate.
participate. loads
loads sign
sign ups,
ups, team
team eventually
eventually decided
decided cricket
cricket match
match kicked
kicked great
great excitement
excitement gusto.
gusto. here’s
here’s need
need know
know racy
racy match
match night
night watchers
watchers game
game swingers
swingers action-packed
action-packed match
match kicked
kicked night
night watchers
watchers winning
winning toss
toss deciding
deciding field.
field. digvijay
digvijay amal
amal opening
opening batsmen.
batsmen. played
played really
really well
well created
created 37
37 run
run partnership
partnership first
first wicket
wicket 5
5 overs.
overs. fall
fall digvijay’s
digvijay’s wicket,
wicket, team
team started
started losing
losing wickets
wickets fast
fast 53/5
53/5 9
9 overs.
overs. that,
that, rohit
rohit shubham
shubham contributed
contributed 19
19 18
18 runs
runs respectively
respectively take
take team
team grand
grand total
total 132
132 runs
runs 20
20 overs.
overs. honourable
honourable contributions
contributions game
game swingers
swingers 25
25 digvijay,
digvijay, 19
19 rohit
rohit 18
18 shubham
shubham night
night watchers,
watchers, pankaj
pankaj made
made mark
mark taking
taking 2
2 wickets.
wickets. also,
also, gaurav,
gaurav, nikhil,
nikhil, deepak,
deepak, kapil
kapil saksham
saksham took
took 1
1 wicket
wicket each.
each. hand,
hand, night
night watchers
watchers lost
lost 3
3 wickets
wickets 17
17 runs
runs 4
4 overs.
overs. came
came match-winning
match-winning 45
45 run
run partnership
partnership nikhil
nikhil kaplas
kaplas shivam
shivam singh,
singh, making
making team’s
team’s total
total 62
62 9
9 overs.
overs. fall
fall shivam’s
shivam’s wicket,
wicket, nikhil
nikhil also
also made
made 40
40 runs
runs partnership
partnership akhilesh,
akhilesh, taking
taking team
team 102
102 13
13 overs.
overs. that,
that, point
point scoring
scoring winning
winning runs,
runs, deepak
deepak hitting
hitting 4
4 2nd
2nd delivery
delivery 18th
18th over,
over, making
making team’s
team’s final
final score
score 136
136 runs
runs 6
6 wickets.
wickets. honourable
honourable contributions
contributions night
night watchers
watchers 51
51 nikhil
nikhil kaplas,
kaplas, 24
24 shivam
shivam 19
19 pankaj.
pankaj. game
game swingers,
swingers, digvijay
digvijay took
took 2
2 wickets.
wickets. also,
also, rohit,
rohit, shubham
shubham jasmeet
jasmeet took
took 1
1 wicket
wicket each.
each. match
match went
went 3
3 hours
hours team
team giving
giving commendable
commendable performance.
performance. jtg’s
jtg’s cricketing
cricketing heroes
heroes 2019
2019 (decided
(decided 2
2 captains):
captains): man
man match
match –
– nikhil
nikhil kaplas
kaplas amazing
amazing 51
51 runs
runs 1
1 wicket
wicket best
best fielder
fielder –
– shivam
shivam singh
singh 2
2 spectacular
spectacular catches
catches final
final scores-
scores- game
game swingers
swingers team
team scored
scored 132
132 runs
runs 20
20 overs,
overs, night
night watchers
watchers declared
declared winner
winner match
match 136
136 runs
runs scored
scored 18
18 overs!
overs! employee
employee engagement
engagement initiative
initiative jtg,
jtg, cricket
cricket match
match resounding
resounding success
success turned
turned sporty
sporty evening
evening fun,
fun, entertainment,
entertainment, healthy
healthy competition
competition perfect
perfect start
start weekend!
weekend! jtg
jtg josh
josh technology
technology group
group ambitious
ambitious technology
technology company
company creates
creates unique,
unique, customised,
customised, forward-compatible
forward-compatible technological
technological products
products various
various businesses
businesses globally.
globally. provide
provide innovative
innovative technological
technological solutions
solutions overcome
overcome business
business challenges,
challenges, empower
empower companies,
companies, unlock
unlock new
new opportunities
opportunities growth
growth increased
increased revenue.
revenue. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!
animals! wouldn’t
wouldn’t totally
totally criminal
criminal miss
miss opportunity
opportunity let
let hair
hair colourful
colourful no-holds-barred
no-holds-barred fun?
fun? celebrated
celebrated triumph
triumph good
good evil
evil (that’s
(that’s holi’s
holi’s about)
about) tad
tad unconventionally.
unconventionally. day
day routine
routine work,
work, holi
holi eve
eve kickstarted
kickstarted people
people making
making way
way large
large airy
airy terrace,
terrace, long
long tables
tables goodies
goodies awaited,
awaited, complete
complete holi
holi must-haves
must-haves like
like gujiya,
gujiya, namkeens,
namkeens, pani
pani puri
puri works!
works! sober
sober staid
staid office
office space
space began
began show
show telltale
telltale signs
signs pandemonium
pandemonium follow
follow colours
colours strewn
strewn floor
floor furniture.
furniture. loudspeakers
loudspeakers began
began belt
belt iconic
iconic bollywood
bollywood holi
holi chartbusters,
chartbusters, finally
finally time
time unplug
unplug laptops.
laptops. day
day drew
drew close,
close, celebrations
celebrations got
got wilder
wilder wetter
wetter people
people getting
getting hosed
hosed coloured
coloured water
water hapless
hapless souls
souls plunged
plunged tubs
tubs water!
water! drummers
drummers kept
kept tempo
tempo soaring
soaring high,
high, jtg
jtg team
team members
members continued
continued chug
chug thandai
thandai get
get high
high music,
music, wild
wild dancing,
dancing, yes
yes colours!!!
colours!!! within
within moments
moments (or
(or seemed),
seemed), tray
tray upon
upon tray
tray full
full heaped
heaped colours
colours strewn
strewn place
place pretty
pretty much
much everyone
everyone around
around unrecognizable-
unrecognizable- splattered
splattered head
head toe
toe colours.
colours. it’s
it’s free-for-all
free-for-all madness!
madness! work
work culture
culture jtg:
jtg: that’s
that’s sum
sum spirit
spirit jtg
jtg family.
family. whatever
whatever do,
do, invest
invest 100%
100% it,
it, heart
heart soul!
soul! work
work together,
together, grow
grow together,
together, kickass
kickass fun
fun together!
together! that’s
that’s things
things work
work josh-
josh- boring
boring office
office vibe
vibe found
found here.
here. like
like working
working partying
partying equal
equal measures,
measures, you’re
you’re home
home baby!
baby! jtg
jtg josh
josh technology
technology group
group ambitious
ambitious technology
technology company
company creates
creates unique,
unique, customised,
customised, forward-compatible
forward-compatible technological
technological products
products various
various businesses
businesses globally.
globally. provide
provide innovative
innovative technological
technological solutions
solutions overcome
overcome business
business challenges,
challenges, empower
empower companies,
companies, unlock
unlock new
new opportunities
opportunities growth
growth increased
increased revenue.
revenue. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition hackathon
hackathon passionforcodes
passionforcodes warofcodes
warofcodes jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions field
field work-
work- technology!
technology! hackathon
hackathon mere
mere coding
coding competition.
competition. it’s
it’s 3-day
3-day carnival
carnival tons
tons fun,
fun, late
late nights,
nights, great
great food,
food, night
night gaming
gaming yes-
yes- best
best coders
coders butting
butting heads
heads come
come daredevil
daredevil ideas
ideas products!
products! 3-day
3-day hackathon
hackathon unfold?
unfold? first
first day
day hackathon
hackathon started
started opening
opening discussion
discussion every
every team
team presented
presented final
final idea
idea would
would working
working (there
(there multiple
multiple meetings
meetings brainstorming
brainstorming sessions
sessions leading
leading meeting).
meeting). hackathon
hackathon t-shirts
t-shirts sippers
sippers distributed
distributed among
among teams
teams organizing
organizing committee,
committee, pictures
pictures clicked,
clicked, event
event kicked
kicked much
much good
good cheer
cheer gamesmanship.
gamesmanship. teams
teams worked
worked room
room two
two days
days two
two nights
nights conceptualizing,
conceptualizing, coding,
coding, experimenting,
experimenting, comparing
comparing notes
notes come
come tangible
tangible dummies
dummies ideas.
ideas. snacks
snacks drinks
drinks house
house goodies
goodies heaped
heaped table
table keep
keep morale
morale high
high (creativity
(creativity runs
runs dry
dry empty
empty stomach,
stomach, don’t
don’t think?)
think?) pulsating
pulsating music
music playing
playing speakers,
speakers, vibe
vibe festive
festive one.
one. extended
extended weekend
weekend action-packed
action-packed one,
one, jtg
jtg coders
coders always
always rise
rise occasion
occasion comes
comes partying
partying till
till sun
sun comes
comes up!
up! days
days saw
saw bustling
bustling activity
activity tons
tons work
work getting
getting done,
done, evenings
evenings nights
nights one
one long
long party.
party. overnight
overnight stay
stay office
office premises
premises meant
meant all-night
all-night gaming,
gaming, great
great music,
music, beer
beer house,
house, never-ending
never-ending supply
supply snacks,
snacks, sumptuous
sumptuous buffet
buffet dinner,
dinner, board
board games
games galore,
galore, table
table tennis,
tennis, foosball,
foosball, more!
more! final
final day
day (sunday)
(sunday) started
started rather
rather slow
slow contenders
contenders sleeping
sleeping exhaustion
exhaustion refueling
refueling piping
piping hot
hot breakfast
breakfast poha,
poha, sandwiches
sandwiches coffee.
coffee. flurry
flurry activity
activity teams
teams preparing
preparing final
final demonstration
demonstration finished
finished products.
products. presentations
presentations teams
teams kicked
kicked late
late morning
morning variety
variety snacks
snacks nibbles
nibbles rounds.
rounds. presentation
presentation followed
followed question
question answer
answer round
round teams
teams grilled
grilled methodologies
methodologies ideas.
ideas. lot
lot competitiveness
competitiveness air,
air, feeling
feeling camaraderie
camaraderie also
also running
running high.
high. final
final voting
voting round
round resulted
resulted augmented
augmented reality
reality treasure
treasure hunt
hunt winning
winning first
first prize.
prize. april
april hackathon
hackathon ended
ended nice
nice hot
hot lunch
lunch lots
lots goofy
goofy selfies!
selfies! 3rd
3rd hackathon
hackathon solving
solving coding
coding challenges,
challenges, puzzles,
puzzles, brainstorming
brainstorming best
best ideas
ideas great
great way
way hone
hone skills
skills taking
taking coding
coding next
next level.
level. 2
2 successful
successful hackathons,
hackathons, josh
josh coders
coders rose
rose occasion
occasion yet
yet 8
8 teams
teams coming
coming clutter-breaking
clutter-breaking ideas
ideas focused
focused solving
solving pain
pain points
points across
across different
different areas
areas life.
life. 8
8 projects
projects undertaken
undertaken coders
coders year’s
year’s coding
coding battle:
battle: project
project 1
1 –
– email
email manager
manager whole
whole idea
idea behind
behind project
project automate
automate processes
processes currently
currently done
done manually
manually hr,
hr, thereby
thereby creating
creating smoother
smoother process
process sending
sending emails
emails without
without lapses.
lapses. included
included several
several tasks
tasks like
like automatic
automatic emails
emails birthdays,
birthdays, work-anniversaries,
work-anniversaries, festivals,
festivals, monthly
monthly birthday
birthday celebrations
celebrations manager,
manager, automatic
automatic emails
emails new
new joiners,
joiners, etc.
etc. project
project 2
2 –
– augmented
augmented reality
reality treasure
treasure hunt
hunt team
team 2
2 came
came treasure
treasure hunt
hunt application
application uses
uses augmented
augmented reality
reality provide
provide clues
clues seen
seen app.
app. user
user getting
getting clues
clues textual
textual visual
visual content
content augmented
augmented real
real world,
world, like
like example
example viewing
viewing particular
particular object
object particular
particular spot.
spot. project
project 3
3 –
– mattermost
mattermost plugin
plugin –
– google
google assistant/alexa
assistant/alexa team
team 3
3 came
came concept
concept used
used mattermost
mattermost plugin
plugin integrating
integrating voice
voice actions
actions google
google assistant
assistant alexa.
alexa. features
features include
include voice
voice action
action update
update user’s
user’s status
status mattermost
mattermost voice
voice action
action get
get user’s
user’s total
total unread
unread messages
messages count.
count. project
project 4
4 –
– mm-2-email
mm-2-email team
team 4
4 also
also came
came idea
idea mattermost
mattermost plugin
plugin used
used send
send mattermost
mattermost posts
posts replies
replies particular
particular channel
channel email
email thread.
thread. features
features include
include sending
sending email
email whenever
whenever something
something posted
posted mattermost
mattermost channel
channel sending
sending replies
replies mattermost
mattermost email
email thread.
thread. project
project 5
5 –
– augmented
augmented reality
reality notifications
notifications team
team 5
5 came
came android
android application
application allows
allows user
user see
see mobile
mobile phone
phone notifications
notifications hand
hand using
using augmented
augmented reality.
reality. options
options viewed
viewed using
using different
different hand
hand gestures.
gestures. demonstration
demonstration team
team used
used phone’s
phone’s camera
camera showing
showing ar
ar objects
objects done
done using
using devices
devices like
like google
google lens.
lens. project
project 6
6 –
– tuckshop
tuckshop automation
automation android
android application
application reduces
reduces manual
manual effort
effort goes
goes maintaining
maintaining office’s
office’s tuckshop
tuckshop records.
records. app
app created
created lines
lines shopping
shopping app
app allows
allows users
users choose
choose buy
buy products
products available
available tuck
tuck shop.
shop. user
user also
also see
see outstanding
outstanding amount
amount purchase
purchase history
history app.
app. project
project 7
7 –
– chatbot
chatbot application
application help
help field
field recruitment
recruitment automate
automate process
process answering
answering candidate
candidate queries
queries use
use chatbots.
chatbots. data
data fetched
fetched existing
existing database
database per
per requirement
requirement intent
intent question
question framed
framed candidate.
candidate. project
project 8
8 –
– exoogle
exoogle search
search project
project involved
involved chrome
chrome plugin
plugin would
would interact
interact custom
custom google
google search
search engine
engine improve
improve search
search relevance
relevance technology-related
technology-related topics.
topics. exoogle
exoogle involves
involves complete
complete system
system interacts
interacts search
search engine
engine takes
takes recommendations
recommendations users
users peers
peers bring
bring relevant
relevant results
results searches.
searches. jtg
jtg josh
josh technology
technology group
group ambitious
ambitious technology
technology company
company creates
creates unique,
unique, customised,
customised, forward-compatible
forward-compatible technological
technological products
products various
various businesses
businesses globally.
globally. provide
provide innovative
innovative technological
technological solutions
solutions overcome
overcome business
business challenges,
challenges, empower
empower companies,
companies, unlock
unlock new
new opportunities
opportunities growth
growth increased
increased revenue.
revenue. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team 2020
2020 january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. 6th
6th jan,
jan, new
new batch
batch developers
developers officially
officially started
started careers
careers us
us couldn’t
couldn’t excited!
excited! here’s
here’s joining
joining day
day panned
panned out:
out: breakfast
breakfast house:
house: whole
whole idea
idea induction
induction revolves
revolves around
around helping
helping freshers
freshers feel
feel home
home settle
settle well.
well. could
could better
better way
way get
get comfy
comfy nice
nice hearty
hearty breakfast
breakfast fellow
fellow newbies?
newbies? new
new team
team started
started first
first day
day corporate
corporate journey
journey cheerful
cheerful meal
meal peppered
peppered informal
informal introductions
introductions light-hearted
light-hearted banter.
banter. ice-breaker
ice-breaker activity:
activity: brief
brief check-in
check-in hr
hr (where
(where given
given walkthrough
walkthrough policies
policies processes),
processes), action-packed
action-packed (and
(and irreverent)
irreverent) part
part induction
induction began.
began. icebreaker
icebreaker with-a-twist
with-a-twist unfolded,
unfolded, new
new team
team members
members visit
visit various
various teams
teams office
office get
get answers
answers questions
questions given
given them.
them. return,
return, would
would enjoy
enjoy playful
playful interactions
interactions seniors,
seniors, complete
complete gifts
gifts chocolates
chocolates selfies.
selfies. ice-breaker
ice-breaker game
game really
really took
took off,
off, excitement
excitement caught
caught folks
folks every
every room
room whale
whale time
time getting
getting know
know new
new kids
kids block.
block. high-on-life
high-on-life college
college vibe
vibe josh
josh office
office space
space comes
comes fact
fact team
team members
members 30
30 love
love good
good time!
time! that’s
that’s exactly
exactly did.
did. blast
blast showed
showed newcomers
newcomers good
good time
time too.
too. jtg
jtg university:
university: presentation
presentation followed,
followed, new
new joiners
joiners introduced
introduced jtg’s
jtg’s rigorous
rigorous 8-week
8-week bootcamp,
bootcamp, inspired
inspired award-winning
award-winning study
study harvard
harvard business
business school
school professors,
professors, thomas
thomas j.
j. delong
delong michael
michael paley.
paley. joiner
joiner introduced
introduced 3
3 ‘guiding
‘guiding buddies’
buddies’ support
support bootcamp
bootcamp 9
9 mentors
mentors guide
guide next
next 8
8 weeks
weeks intense
intense training
training (a
(a different
different mentor
mentor every
every week).
week). jtg
jtg university
university curtain-raiser
curtain-raiser followed
followed informal
informal introduction
introduction mentors.
mentors. mentors
mentors part
part organisation
organisation half
half decade
decade handpicked
handpicked within
within organisation
organisation proven
proven expertise
expertise impressive
impressive body
body work.
work. mentor’s
mentor’s introduction
introduction included
included years
years experience,
experience, hobbies,
hobbies, list
list tech
tech stacks
stacks worked
worked 1
1 quirky
quirky fact
fact him.
him. idea
idea behind
behind jtg
jtg university
university make
make techies
techies industry-ready,
industry-ready, hone
hone skills
skills level
level ahead
ahead game
game prepared
prepared enough
enough take
take challenges
challenges pressures
pressures head
head on.
on. jtg
jtg university
university perfect
perfect freshers
freshers they’re
they’re high
high energy,
energy, passion
passion dedication
dedication required
required complete
complete intense
intense course
course flying
flying colours.
colours. ritual
ritual cake-cutting
cake-cutting cake-smashing:
cake-smashing: traditional
traditional welcome
welcome ritual
ritual evening,
evening, entire
entire organisation
organisation gathered
gathered ritual
ritual cake-cutting
cake-cutting honour
honour new
new entrants.
entrants. cake
cake cutting
cutting followed
followed jtg
jtg ritual
ritual cake-smashing,
cake-smashing, folks
folks chunks
chunks cake
cake slathered
slathered faces
faces part
part initiation.
initiation. finally,
finally, you’re
you’re one
one us!
us! word
word work
work culture
culture josh
josh technology
technology group:
group: jtg,
jtg, team
team biggest
biggest asset
asset integral
integral part
part growth
growth story.
story. take
take pride
pride going
going extra
extra mile
mile make
make new
new team
team members
members feel
feel welcome.
welcome. young
young organisation,
organisation, induction
induction initiation
initiation freshers
freshers light-hearted,
light-hearted, exciting
exciting evokes
evokes much
much hilarity
hilarity gaiety.
gaiety. that’s
that’s pretty
pretty much
much routine
routine day
day jtg
jtg office
office shapes
shapes up-
up- lots
lots hustle
hustle bustle,
bustle, socialising
socialising fun
fun events,
events, no-compromise
no-compromise policy
policy comes
comes getting
getting work
work done.
done. message
message new
new team
team members
members heartfelt
heartfelt welcome
welcome new
new colleagues
colleagues pals.
pals. prepare
prepare one
one heck
heck roller
roller coaster
coaster ride,
ride, josh,
josh, believe
believe every
every moment
moment work
work inspire
inspire best
best us
us keep
keep things
things forever
forever astir
astir buzzing!
buzzing! jtg
jtg josh
josh technology
technology group
group ambitious
ambitious technology
technology company
company creates
creates unique,
unique, customised,
customised, forward-compatible
forward-compatible technological
technological products
products various
various businesses
businesses globally.
globally. provide
provide innovative
innovative technological
technological solutions
solutions overcome
overcome business
business challenges,
challenges, empower
empower companies,
companies, unlock
unlock new
new opportunities
opportunities growth
growth increased
increased revenue.
revenue. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact everyday
everyday life
life september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could
could never
never imagined.
imagined. idea
idea computers
computers ‘intelligent’
‘intelligent’ established
established far
far back
back 1950s
1950s computer
computer pioneer
pioneer alan
alan turing
turing asked
asked whether
whether machines
machines think.
think. 70
70 years
years line,
line, ai
ai evolved
evolved vague
vague concept
concept ubiquitous
ubiquitous reality,
reality, impacting
impacting shaping
shaping fabric
fabric lives.
lives. right
right combination
combination factors
factors like
like internet
internet internet-connected
internet-connected devices
devices generate
generate overwhelming
overwhelming quantity
quantity data
data cloud
cloud computing
computing software
software algorithms
algorithms recognizing
recognizing patterns
patterns within
within data
data taking
taking game
game next
next level.
level. interesting
interesting ways
ways ai
ai impact
impact common
common man
man (or
(or already
already has):
has): access
access virtual
virtual multiple
multiple assistants
assistants –
– technology
technology embedded
embedded gadgets
gadgets pieces
pieces furniture
furniture across
across house,
house, we’ll
we’ll voice-based
voice-based technologies
technologies cars,
cars, tvs,
tvs, lamps
lamps more.
more. already
already alexa
alexa bidding.
bidding. tip
tip iceberg.
iceberg. practical
practical new
new result
result could
could confusing
confusing helpful.
helpful. soon
soon could
could multiple
multiple virtual
virtual assistants
assistants guiding,
guiding, helping
helping supporting
supporting us
us daily
daily routines.
routines. toothbrush
toothbrush ai
ai abilities
abilities –
– oral
oral b
b recently
recently unveiled
unveiled ai
ai powered
powered toothbrush
toothbrush could
could guide
guide dental
dental hygiene
hygiene tell
tell whether
whether you’re
you’re brushing
brushing teeth
teeth right
right amount
amount time
time right
right places.
places. news
news market
market reports
reports tailored
tailored –
– function
function we’re
we’re already
already experiencing
experiencing (and
(and loving).
loving). news
news you’re
you’re interested
interested topics
topics you’d
you’d like
like read
read handed
handed platter.
platter. based
based data
data generated
generated previous
previous searches,
searches, internet
internet provide
provide content
content would
would specifically
specifically enjoy.
enjoy. ai
ai also
also help
help generate
generate in-depth
in-depth reports
reports portfolio
portfolio stocks
stocks performing
performing market.
market. no,
no, we’re
we’re talking
talking reports
reports general
general recap
recap market
market response.
response. reports
reports give
give detailed
detailed idea
idea exactly
exactly stand
stand analytical
analytical statement
statement like
like “at
“at 1pm,
1pm, market
market went
went 1%
1% stock
stock value
value dropped
dropped 2%.
2%. purchase
purchase xy
xy stock
stock partially
partially responsible
responsible sharply
sharply fallen
fallen since
since last
last week….”
week….” gadget
gadget could
could become
become buddy
buddy –
– folks
folks watched
watched award-winning
award-winning sci-fi
sci-fi romantic
romantic drama
drama ‘her’
‘her’ definitely
definitely catch
catch drift.
drift. operating
operating system
system could
could become
become mentor
mentor confidante
confidante near
near future.
future. going
going beyond
beyond routine
routine questions
questions answers,
answers, machines
machines well
well way
way meaningful
meaningful conversations
conversations you.
you. devices
devices getting
getting whole
whole lot
lot smarter
smarter studying
studying data
data learning
learning humans
humans behave
behave respond
respond different
different situations.
situations. detailed
detailed answers,
answers, personal
personal queries
queries insightful
insightful suggestions
suggestions provided
provided devices
devices based
based we’re
we’re (or
(or trying
trying do).
do). automated
automated transportation
transportation –
– airplanes
airplanes use
use fms
fms (flight
(flight management
management system),
system), combination
combination gps,
gps, motion
motion sensors,
sensors, computer
computer systems
systems track
track positions
positions flight.
flight. pilot
pilot average
average boeing
boeing 777
777 spends
spends minutes
minutes flying
flying plane,
plane, take
take landing.
landing. self-driven
self-driven cars
cars course
course complex
complex phenomenon
phenomenon due
due traffic
traffic roads,
roads, obstacles
obstacles traffic
traffic rules.
rules. spite
spite this,
this, self-driven
self-driven cars
cars proved
proved safer
safer human-driven
human-driven counterparts,
counterparts, according
according study
study 55
55 google
google vehicles
vehicles drove
drove 1.3
1.3 million
million miles
miles altogether.
altogether. cyborg
cyborg technology
technology –
– according
according oxford
oxford c.s.
c.s. professor
professor shimon
shimon whiteson,
whiteson, technology
technology help
help us
us enhance
enhance many
many natural
natural abilities
abilities near
near future.
future. human
human brain
brain limbs
limbs weaknesses
weaknesses scientists
scientists foresee
foresee future
future ai
ai help
help average
average human
human acquire
acquire efficiency
efficiency unparalleled
unparalleled abilities
abilities machines.
machines. ai
ai also
also help
help amputees
amputees regain
regain complete
complete working
working limbs
limbs enabling
enabling brain
brain communicate
communicate robotic
robotic limb.
limb. ai
ai constantly
constantly evolving
evolving machine
machine learning
learning newest
newest approach
approach instead
instead encoding
encoding machines
machines information,
information, machines
machines enabled
enabled learn
learn learn.
learn. jtg
jtg josh
josh technology
technology group
group ambitious
ambitious technology
technology company
company creates
creates unique,
unique, customised,
customised, forward-compatible
forward-compatible technological
technological products
products various
various businesses
businesses globally.
globally. provide
provide innovative
innovative technological
technological solutions
solutions overcome
overcome business
business challenges,
challenges, empower
empower companies,
companies, unlock
unlock new
new opportunities
opportunities growth
growth increased
increased revenue.
revenue. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up camps
camps january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting
conducting dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up camps,
camps, strive
strive help
help team
team members
members make
make smart
smart healthy
healthy choices
choices reduce
reduce health
health care
care costs,
costs, increase
increase vitality
vitality diminish
diminish absenteeism.
absenteeism. dental
dental camp
camp dentedge
dentedge team
team ever
ever heard
heard saying
saying ‘every
‘every tooth
tooth man’s
man’s head
head valuable
valuable diamond’?
diamond’? well
well wouldn’t
wouldn’t agree
agree one?
one? dedicated
dedicated organizing
organizing committee
committee held
held 2-day
2-day dental
dental camp
camp april
april dentedge
dentedge within
within office
office premises
premises provide
provide staff
staff free
free dental
dental check
check ups
ups dental
dental services
services discounted
discounted rate.
rate. dentedge
dentedge provides
provides holistic
holistic dental
dental solutions
solutions affordable
affordable rates
rates right
right doorstep.
doorstep. latest
latest dental
dental equipment
equipment team
team highly
highly skilled
skilled dentists
dentists part
part team,
team, jtg’s
jtg’s employee
employee wellness
wellness team
team felt
felt partnership
partnership dentedge
dentedge could
could perfect
perfect way
way create
create oral
oral awareness
awareness among
among it’s
it’s team
team members.
members. check
check ups
ups conducted
conducted skilled
skilled team
team doctors
doctors insta
insta oral
oral cameras.
cameras. additional
additional services
services like
like cleaning,
cleaning, bleaching,
bleaching, polishing,
polishing, laser-filling
laser-filling provided
provided almost
almost 50%
50% discount.
discount. camp
camp helped
helped creating
creating general
general awareness
awareness dental
dental problems,
problems, treatments
treatments effective
effective methods
methods prevention.
prevention. specially
specially designed
designed provide
provide relevant
relevant affordable
affordable approach
approach oral
oral hygiene,
hygiene, dental
dental check-ups,
check-ups, complete
complete dental
dental care
care needs,
needs, dentedge
dentedge dental
dental camp
camp success
success many
many team
team members
members underwent
underwent treatment
treatment got
got professional
professional medical
medical advice
advice highly
highly subsidized
subsidized rate.
rate. lenskart
lenskart eye
eye check-up
check-up camp
camp believe
believe privilege
privilege jtg
jtg watch
watch health
health wellbeing
wellbeing family
family members
members important
important part
part preventative
preventative healthcare
healthcare getting
getting eyes
eyes checked
checked time
time time.
time. like
like dental
dental health,
health, indians
indians seek
seek medical
medical help
help condition
condition cannot
cannot ignored.
ignored. keeping
keeping predicament
predicament mind,
mind, arranged
arranged free
free eye
eye check-up
check-up camp
camp ensure
ensure team
team members
members don’t
don’t neglect
neglect one
one important
important aspects
aspects health.
health. all,
all, prevention
prevention always
always better
better cure,
cure, right?
right? team
team medical
medical experts
experts lenskart
lenskart set
set camp
camp office
office eye
eye testing
testing equipment
equipment throughout
throughout day,
day, conducted
conducted check
check ups
ups employees.
employees. discount
discount vouchers
vouchers handed
handed medical
medical advice
advice given
given people
people underwent
underwent check
check ups.
ups. routine
routine eye
eye examination
examination reveal
reveal much
much vision
vision adequate.
adequate. many
many ocular
ocular conditions
conditions uncovered
uncovered eye
eye check
check up-
up- conditions
conditions symptoms
symptoms manifest
manifest much
much later
later stage.
stage. one
one leading
leading optical
optical retailers
retailers country,
country, lenskart
lenskart boasts
boasts 5
5 million
million plus
plus app
app downloads,
downloads, 410
410 stores
stores 200
200 home
home opticians.
opticians. team
team lenskart
lenskart also
also answered
answered every
every query
query raised
raised camp
camp eye
eye care.
care. jtg
jtg josh
josh technology
technology group
group ambitious
ambitious technology
technology company
company creates
creates unique,
unique, customised,
customised, forward-compatible
forward-compatible technological
technological products
products various
various businesses
businesses globally.
globally. provide
provide innovative
innovative technological
technological solutions
solutions overcome
overcome business
business challenges,
challenges, empower
empower companies,
companies, unlock
unlock new
new opportunities
opportunities growth
growth increased
increased revenue.
revenue. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jtgculture
jtgculture jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite offsite2019
offsite2019 visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team members.
members. oldest
oldest established
established national
national park
park animal
animal sanctuary
sanctuary india,
india, pristine
pristine lush
lush landscape
landscape jim
jim corbett
corbett perfect
perfect place
place unwind,
unwind, relax
relax reconnect
reconnect nature.
nature. that’s
that’s josh
josh technology
technology group
group bandwagon
bandwagon headed-
headed- extended
extended weekend
weekend non-stop
non-stop recreation!
recreation! journey
journey jim
jim corbett
corbett eventful
eventful stay
stay party
party started
started minute
minute buses
buses set
set off.
off. ice-breaking
ice-breaking session
session freshers
freshers bus(employees
bus(employees less
less year-old
year-old organisation)
organisation) along
along usual
usual bonhomie
bonhomie revelry.
revelry. early
early morning
morning breakfast
breakfast piping
piping hot
hot parathas
parathas tea
tea roadside
roadside dhaba
dhaba followed
followed last
last leg
leg journey.
journey. day
day 1:
1: jtg
jtg team
team reached
reached golden
golden tusk
tusk resort
resort 9am
9am morning
morning time
time hearty
hearty buffet
buffet breakfast.
breakfast. nestled
nestled amidst
amidst 8
8 acres
acres greenery
greenery banks
banks serene
serene monsoon
monsoon river
river dhela,
dhela, golden
golden tusk
tusk resort
resort perfect
perfect world
world away
away dust
dust grime
grime city
city life
life perfect
perfect place
place rest,
rest, away
away daily
daily grind.
grind. perfect
perfect weekend
weekend getaway
getaway instead
instead usual
usual conferences
conferences workshops
workshops offsites
offsites have,
have, one
one jtg
jtg one
one agenda-
agenda- complete
complete utter
utter relaxation!
relaxation! sizeable
sizeable chunk
chunk team
team dived
dived swimming
swimming pool
pool cool
cool off,
off, others
others spent
spent time
time lolling
lolling hammocks,
hammocks, playing
playing pool
pool volleyball
volleyball badminton.
badminton. weather
weather absolutely
absolutely spectacular
spectacular much
much soak
soak in.
in. course,
course, selfie
selfie marathon
marathon always
always deserves
deserves mention
mention people
people making
making picturesque
picturesque surroundings.
surroundings. sumptuous
sumptuous buffet
buffet lunch
lunch followed
followed lively
lively team
team building
building activities
activities like
like rock
rock climbing
climbing rappelling.
rappelling. people
people hit
hit snooze
snooze button
button (sleeping
(sleeping bus
bus wasn’t
wasn’t really
really option
option crazy
crazy partying
partying around),
around), others
others geared
geared next
next round
round partying
partying live
live music
music dancing.
dancing. guitarist
guitarist played
played live
live took
took requests
requests us,
us, others
others huddled
huddled around
around bonfire
bonfire enjoyed
enjoyed night
night gorgeous
gorgeous star-spangled
star-spangled sky.
sky. day
day 2-
2- second
second day
day off-site
off-site started
started action-packed
action-packed jeep
jeep safari
safari crack
crack dawn.
dawn. albeit
albeit people
people drag
drag bed
bed hectic
hectic night
night partying,
partying, spirits
spirits still
still running
running high
high team
team left
left 20
20 jeeps
jeeps make
make way
way jim
jim corbett
corbett park
park spot
spot wildlife.
wildlife. enthusiasm
enthusiasm safari
safari high
high pictures
pictures clicked
clicked peacocks,
peacocks, spotted
spotted deer,
deer, tusked
tusked elephants
elephants more.
more. stunning
stunning landscape
landscape nestled
nestled himalayan
himalayan foothills,
foothills, 600
600 bird
bird species
species animals
animals reptiles
reptiles like
like tiger,
tiger, leopard,
leopard, elephant,
elephant, otter,
otter, gharial,
gharial, ghoral
ghoral yellow
yellow throated
throated marten
marten make
make national
national park
park one
one sought-after
sought-after tourist
tourist attractions.
attractions. returning
returning resort,
resort, team
team members
members refueled
refueled hearty
hearty breakfast
breakfast buffet
buffet spent
spent time
time pool,
pool, enjoying
enjoying leisure
leisure time
time catching
catching winks
winks time
time upcoming
upcoming evening
evening bash.
bash. evening
evening saw
saw group
group going
going trekking
trekking others
others visited
visited famous
famous garjiya
garjiya devi
devi temple,
temple, hour’s
hour’s drive
drive resort.
resort. sacred
sacred shrine
shrine believed
believed formed
formed mud
mud clay
clay flood
flood years
years ago,
ago, temple
temple surrounded
surrounded gleaming
gleaming waters
waters kosi
kosi river
river boasts
boasts idyllic
idyllic scenery.
scenery. day
day 2
2 ended
ended fun-filled
fun-filled dj
dj night
night jtg
jtg family
family partied
partied wee
wee hours
hours morning.
morning. conventional
conventional offsite
offsite spouses
spouses colleagues
colleagues joining
joining bandwagon
bandwagon directors
directors jtg
jtg matching
matching revellers
revellers step
step step.
step. day
day 3-
3- another
another sumptuous
sumptuous breakfast
breakfast buffet,
buffet, jtg
jtg family
family set
set homebound
homebound recover
recover offsite
offsite hangover
hangover (yes!
(yes! there’s
there’s indeed
indeed something
something called
called much
much fun!)
fun!) jtg
jtg josh
josh technology
technology group
group ambitious
ambitious technology
technology company
company creates
creates unique,
unique, customised,
customised, forward-compatible
forward-compatible technological
technological products
products various
various businesses
businesses globally.
globally. provide
provide innovative
innovative technological
technological solutions
solutions overcome
overcome business
business challenges,
challenges, empower
empower companies,
companies, unlock
unlock new
new opportunities
opportunities growth
growth increased
increased revenue.
revenue. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 cricket
cricket foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work jpl
jpl jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking blast
blast work.
work. whether
whether it’s
it’s crazy
crazy parties,
parties, hot’n
hot’n happening
happening offsites,
offsites, fun-filled
fun-filled cultural
cultural events,
events, gaming
gaming marathons
marathons sporting
sporting events,
events, part
part jtg
jtg family
family sure
sure keep
keep toes!
toes! 5-month
5-month long
long sports
sports tournament,
tournament, jpl
jpl (jtg
(jtg premier
premier league),
league), wellness
wellness initiative,
initiative, sporting
sporting event,
event, team
team engagement
engagement activity,
activity, recreational
recreational program-
program- rolled
rolled one.
one. 2018-2019
2018-2019 jpl
jpl october
october february
february included
included table
table tennis,
tennis, board
board games,
games, cricket,
cricket, foosball
foosball culminating
culminating grand
grand finale-
finale- go
go karting
karting bowling
bowling face
face two
two best
best teams.
teams. organisation
organisation truly
truly passionate
passionate sports,
sports, encourage
encourage active
active participation
participation team
team members.
members. much
much excitement
excitement speculation
speculation surrounding
surrounding competition,
competition, total
total 90
90 competitors
competitors made
made final
final round.
round. main
main event
event held
held sector
sector 29
29 smaaash
smaaash gurgaon’s
gurgaon’s sector
sector 29,
29, popular
popular indoor
indoor entertainment
entertainment centre
centre bowling
bowling go
go karting,
karting, among
among many
many options.
options. jtg
jtg team
team members
members divided
divided 7
7 teams
teams approximate
approximate strength
strength 12-13
12-13 members.
members. tackle
tackle time
time crunch
crunch (the
(the entire
entire event
event completed
completed 2
2 hours),
hours), go
go karting
karting bowling
bowling competitions
competitions conducted
conducted simultaneously.
simultaneously. go
go karting,
karting, every
every contender
contender given
given 4
4 minutes
minutes complete
complete race.
race. best
best 2
2 laps
laps considered
considered per
per person.
person. bowling,
bowling, usually
usually 10
10 sets
sets throws
throws per
per person
person taken
taken account,
account, 5
5 throws
throws considered
considered teams
teams running
running time.
time. wasn’t
wasn’t really
really bummer,
bummer, made
made game
game much
much exciting
exciting intense!
intense! 7
7 teams
teams clippers,
clippers, maverix,
maverix, ultimate
ultimate avengers,
avengers, dominators,
dominators, sole
sole survivors,
survivors, pitch
pitch burners
burners silent
silent thrashers.
thrashers. teams
teams gave
gave commendable
commendable performances
performances ultimate
ultimate avengers
avengers won
won 5th
5th game
game bring
bring final
final points
points table
table tie
tie 1200
1200 sole
sole survivors.
survivors. but,
but, per
per “gold
“gold first
first rule”
rule” sports
sports industry,
industry, ultimate
ultimate avengers
avengers ultimate
ultimate winners
winners jpl
jpl ones
ones take
take trophy
trophy home.
home. comes
comes jtg
jtg sporting
sporting events,
events, there’s
there’s tons
tons enjoy
enjoy experience.
experience. jtg-ites
jtg-ites wonderful
wonderful time
time chilling
chilling smaaash,
smaaash, enjoying
enjoying live
live music,
music, tucking
tucking assortment
assortment munchies
munchies drinks.
drinks. jpl
jpl part
part team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative successfully
successfully getting
getting people
people enjoy
enjoy healthy
healthy lifestyle
lifestyle oodles
oodles fun.
fun. organizing
organizing committee
committee continues
continues come
come innovative
innovative ways
ways keep
keep team
team members
members running,
running, watch
watch 2019-20
2019-20 tournament!
tournament! jtg
jtg josh
josh technology
technology group
group ambitious
ambitious technology
technology company
company creates
creates unique,
unique, customised,
customised, forward-compatible
forward-compatible technological
technological products
products various
various businesses
businesses globally.
globally. provide
provide innovative
innovative technological
technological solutions
solutions overcome
overcome business
business challenges,
challenges, empower
empower companies,
companies, unlock
unlock new
new opportunities
opportunities growth
growth increased
increased revenue.
revenue. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler
cooler installations
installations preventative
preventative health
health care
care march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility makingadifference
makingadifference socialwork
socialwork water
water aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country jtg
jtg aspires
aspires make
make much
much difference
difference possible
possible lives
lives people
people deprived
deprived basic
basic amenities,
amenities, effort
effort reduce
reduce waterborne
waterborne diseases
diseases provide
provide cool
cool water
water country
country oppressively
oppressively hot
hot climate.
climate. actions
actions years,
years, taken
taken small
small definitive
definitive steps
steps alleviating
alleviating sufferings
sufferings marginalised
marginalised sections
sections society
society installing
installing water
water purifiers
purifiers coolers
coolers government
government schools,
schools, metro
metro stations,
stations, gurdwaras
gurdwaras temples.
temples. keeping
keeping corporate
corporate social
social responsibility
responsibility mind,
mind, endeavour
endeavour support
support lesser
lesser privileged
privileged sections
sections rural
rural urban
urban communities
communities working
working towards
towards enhancing
enhancing living
living standards
standards providing
providing drinking
drinking water
water thereby
thereby promoting
promoting preventative
preventative healthcare.
healthcare. locations
locations josh
josh technology
technology group
group installed
installed water
water purifiers
purifiers coolers:
coolers: paschim
paschim vihar
vihar sikanderpur
sikanderpur dlf
dlf phase
phase 1
1 metro
metro station
station –
– govt
govt school
school palam
palam vihar
vihar rajokri
rajokri –
– camp
camp driving
driving need
need behind
behind initiative
initiative nearly
nearly 65
65 million
million people
people india
india (roughly
(roughly 17%
17% urban
urban population)
population) lives
lives slums
slums 50%
50% urban
urban poor
poor families
families lack
lack safe
safe drinking
drinking water.
water. water
water crisis
crisis often
often addressed
addressed urban
urban local
local bodies
bodies (ulbs)
(ulbs) provision
provision community-level
community-level standpipes
standpipes tankers.
tankers. even
even there’s
there’s water,
water, quality
quality water
water questionable,
questionable, leading
leading host
host sanitation
sanitation health
health problems.
problems. keeping
keeping situation
situation mind,
mind, jtg
jtg strives
strives bridge
bridge gap
gap installing
installing water
water purifiers
purifiers coolers
coolers locations
locations need
need safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water acutely
acutely felt.
felt. rotary
rotary helped
helped us
us campaign,
campaign, jal
jal hi
hi jeevan
jeevan hai,
hai, cherry-pick
cherry-pick locations
locations urgently
urgently need
need drinking
drinking water-
water- location
location address:
address: prachin
prachin hanuman
hanuman mandir,
mandir, rajokri
rajokri pahari,
pahari, new
new delhi
delhi installed
installed jan
jan 2018
2018 people
people served:
served: 5000
5000 approx
approx ———————————————–
———————————————– location
location address:
address: prachin
prachin ram
ram mandir,
mandir, chakkarpur,
chakkarpur, gurgaon
gurgaon installed
installed march
march 2017
2017 people
people served:
served: 3000
3000 approx
approx ———————————————-
———————————————- location
location address:
address: rajkiya
rajkiya prathmik
prathmik shala,
shala, gurugram
gurugram installed
installed jan
jan 2019
2019 people
people served:
served: 1000
1000 approx
approx ———————————————–
———————————————– project
project jal
jal hi
hi jeevan
jeevan hai
hai location
location address:
address: shiv
shiv mandir,
mandir, carterpuri,
carterpuri, palam
palam vihar,
vihar, gurugram
gurugram installed
installed june
june 2016
2016 people
people served:
served: 3500
3500 approx
approx ———————————————–
———————————————– location
location address:
address: hanuman
hanuman mandir,
mandir, pachim
pachim vihar
vihar village,
village, new
new delhi
delhi installed
installed oct
oct 2018
2018 people
people served:
served: 7000
7000 approx
approx ———————————————–
———————————————– location
location address:
address: hargobind
hargobind gurudwara,
gurudwara, andrewsganj,
andrewsganj, new
new delhi
delhi installed
installed may
may 2017
2017 people
people served:
served: 3800
3800 approx
approx rotary-
rotary- heartfelt
heartfelt gratitude
gratitude rotary,
rotary, name
name needs
needs little
little introduction
introduction field
field humanitarian
humanitarian service
service worldwide.
worldwide. organisation
organisation started
started operating
operating 1910
1910 since
since promoted
promoted goodwill
goodwill peace
peace around
around world
world social
social service
service countless
countless projects
projects aimed
aimed addressing
addressing critical
critical issues
issues making
making lives
lives better.
better. championing
championing peace,
peace, fighting
fighting illiteracy
illiteracy poverty
poverty promoting
promoting clean
clean water,
water, sanitation
sanitation fighting
fighting diseases,
diseases, rotarians
rotarians progressing
progressing steadily
steadily create
create ever-lasting
ever-lasting impact
impact actions
actions currently
currently 1.2
1.2 million
million members
members strong
strong 35000
35000 clubs
clubs worldwide.
worldwide. jtg
jtg josh
josh technology
technology group
group ambitious
ambitious technology
technology company
company creates
creates unique,
unique, customised,
customised, forward-compatible
forward-compatible technological
technological products
products various
various businesses
businesses globally.
globally. provide
provide innovative
innovative technological
technological solutions
solutions overcome
overcome business
business challenges,
challenges, empower
empower companies,
companies, unlock
unlock new
new opportunities
opportunities growth
growth increased
increased revenue.
revenue. back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact resources
resources culture
culture tech
tech abetterworld
abetterworld becausewecare
becausewecare celebratinglife
celebratinglife celebrations
celebrations christmasspirit
christmasspirit codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition colours
colours cricket
cricket cricketfever
cricketfever csractivity
csractivity dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup diwalifever
diwalifever employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work funatjtg
funatjtg fununlimited
fununlimited giveback
giveback gojtg
gojtg goodtimes
goodtimes hackathon
hackathon health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jpl
jpl jtgbash
jtgbash jtgcricket
jtgcricket jtgculture
jtgculture jtggoodtimes
jtggoodtimes jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite jtgparty
jtgparty jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever kids
kids loveforsports
loveforsports makingadifference
makingadifference mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited offsite2019
offsite2019 partyallnight
partyallnight partyswag
partyswag passionforcodes
passionforcodes philanthropy
philanthropy socialwork
socialwork spiritofgiving
spiritofgiving sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis teambuilding
teambuilding teamouting
teamouting warofcodes
warofcodes water
water wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram sort
sort recently
recently added
added oldest
oldest newest
newest january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team i...
i... 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. the...
the... september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact e...
e... last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could...
could... april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions t...
t... codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition +3
+3 april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiativ...
initiativ... cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. ...
... cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work +3
+3 offsite
offsite april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team ...
... fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited +4
+4 march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler...
cooler... aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country and...
and... abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity +4
+4 festivals
festivals march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!...
animals!... colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours +4
+4 february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking t...
t... cricket
cricket foosball
foosball +5
+5 employee
employee wellness
wellness initiative
initiative january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up c...
c... health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting...
conducting... becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup +4
+4 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact resources
resources culture
culture tech
tech abetterworld
abetterworld becausewecare
becausewecare celebratinglife
celebratinglife celebrations
celebrations christmasspirit
christmasspirit codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition colours
colours cricket
cricket cricketfever
cricketfever csractivity
csractivity dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup diwalifever
diwalifever employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work funatjtg
funatjtg fununlimited
fununlimited giveback
giveback gojtg
gojtg goodtimes
goodtimes hackathon
hackathon health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jpl
jpl jtgbash
jtgbash jtgcricket
jtgcricket jtgculture
jtgculture jtggoodtimes
jtggoodtimes jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite jtgparty
jtgparty jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever kids
kids loveforsports
loveforsports makingadifference
makingadifference mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited offsite2019
offsite2019 partyallnight
partyallnight partyswag
partyswag passionforcodes
passionforcodes philanthropy
philanthropy socialwork
socialwork spiritofgiving
spiritofgiving sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis teambuilding
teambuilding teamouting
teamouting warofcodes
warofcodes water
water wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram sort
sort recently
recently added
added oldest
oldest newest
newest january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team i...
i... 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. the...
the... september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact e...
e... last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could...
could... april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions t...
t... codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition +3
+3 april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiativ...
initiativ... cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. ...
... cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work +3
+3 offsite
offsite april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team ...
... fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited +4
+4 march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler...
cooler... aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country and...
and... abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity +4
+4 festivals
festivals march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!...
animals!... colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours +4
+4 february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking t...
t... cricket
cricket foosball
foosball +5
+5 employee
employee wellness
wellness initiative
initiative january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up c...
c... health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting...
conducting... becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup +4
+4 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact resources
resources culture
culture tech
tech abetterworld
abetterworld becausewecare
becausewecare celebratinglife
celebratinglife celebrations
celebrations christmasspirit
christmasspirit codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition colours
colours cricket
cricket cricketfever
cricketfever csractivity
csractivity dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup diwalifever
diwalifever employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work funatjtg
funatjtg fununlimited
fununlimited giveback
giveback gojtg
gojtg goodtimes
goodtimes hackathon
hackathon health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jpl
jpl jtgbash
jtgbash jtgcricket
jtgcricket jtgculture
jtgculture jtggoodtimes
jtggoodtimes jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite jtgparty
jtgparty jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever kids
kids loveforsports
loveforsports makingadifference
makingadifference mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited offsite2019
offsite2019 partyallnight
partyallnight partyswag
partyswag passionforcodes
passionforcodes philanthropy
philanthropy socialwork
socialwork spiritofgiving
spiritofgiving sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis teambuilding
teambuilding teamouting
teamouting warofcodes
warofcodes water
water wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram sort
sort recently
recently added
added oldest
oldest newest
newest january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team i...
i... 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. the...
the... september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact e...
e... last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could...
could... april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions t...
t... codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition +3
+3 april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiativ...
initiativ... cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. ...
... cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work +3
+3 offsite
offsite april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team ...
... fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited +4
+4 march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler...
cooler... aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country and...
and... abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity +4
+4 festivals
festivals march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!...
animals!... colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours +4
+4 february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking t...
t... cricket
cricket foosball
foosball +5
+5 employee
employee wellness
wellness initiative
initiative january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up c...
c... health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting...
conducting... becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup +4
+4 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact resources
resources culture
culture tech
tech abetterworld
abetterworld becausewecare
becausewecare celebratinglife
celebratinglife celebrations
celebrations christmasspirit
christmasspirit codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition colours
colours cricket
cricket cricketfever
cricketfever csractivity
csractivity dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup diwalifever
diwalifever employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work funatjtg
funatjtg fununlimited
fununlimited giveback
giveback gojtg
gojtg goodtimes
goodtimes hackathon
hackathon health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jpl
jpl jtgbash
jtgbash jtgcricket
jtgcricket jtgculture
jtgculture jtggoodtimes
jtggoodtimes jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite jtgparty
jtgparty jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever kids
kids loveforsports
loveforsports makingadifference
makingadifference mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited offsite2019
offsite2019 partyallnight
partyallnight partyswag
partyswag passionforcodes
passionforcodes philanthropy
philanthropy socialwork
socialwork spiritofgiving
spiritofgiving sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis teambuilding
teambuilding teamouting
teamouting warofcodes
warofcodes water
water wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram sort
sort recently
recently added
added oldest
oldest newest
newest january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team i...
i... 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. the...
the... september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact e...
e... last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could...
could... april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions t...
t... codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition +3
+3 april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiativ...
initiativ... cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. ...
... cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work +3
+3 offsite
offsite april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team ...
... fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited +4
+4 march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler...
cooler... aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country and...
and... abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity +4
+4 festivals
festivals march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!...
animals!... colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours +4
+4 february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking t...
t... cricket
cricket foosball
foosball +5
+5 employee
employee wellness
wellness initiative
initiative january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up c...
c... health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting...
conducting... becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup +4
+4 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact resources
resources culture
culture tech
tech abetterworld
abetterworld becausewecare
becausewecare celebratinglife
celebratinglife celebrations
celebrations christmasspirit
christmasspirit codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition colours
colours cricket
cricket cricketfever
cricketfever csractivity
csractivity dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup diwalifever
diwalifever employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work funatjtg
funatjtg fununlimited
fununlimited giveback
giveback gojtg
gojtg goodtimes
goodtimes hackathon
hackathon health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jpl
jpl jtgbash
jtgbash jtgcricket
jtgcricket jtgculture
jtgculture jtggoodtimes
jtggoodtimes jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite jtgparty
jtgparty jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever kids
kids loveforsports
loveforsports makingadifference
makingadifference mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited offsite2019
offsite2019 partyallnight
partyallnight partyswag
partyswag passionforcodes
passionforcodes philanthropy
philanthropy socialwork
socialwork spiritofgiving
spiritofgiving sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis teambuilding
teambuilding teamouting
teamouting warofcodes
warofcodes water
water wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram sort
sort recently
recently added
added oldest
oldest newest
newest january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team i...
i... 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. the...
the... september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact e...
e... last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could...
could... april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions t...
t... codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition +3
+3 april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiativ...
initiativ... cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. ...
... cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work +3
+3 offsite
offsite april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team ...
... fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited +4
+4 march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler...
cooler... aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country and...
and... abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity +4
+4 festivals
festivals march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!...
animals!... colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours +4
+4 february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking t...
t... cricket
cricket foosball
foosball +5
+5 employee
employee wellness
wellness initiative
initiative january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up c...
c... health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting...
conducting... becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup +4
+4 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact resources
resources culture
culture tech
tech abetterworld
abetterworld becausewecare
becausewecare celebratinglife
celebratinglife celebrations
celebrations christmasspirit
christmasspirit codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition colours
colours cricket
cricket cricketfever
cricketfever csractivity
csractivity dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup diwalifever
diwalifever employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work funatjtg
funatjtg fununlimited
fununlimited giveback
giveback gojtg
gojtg goodtimes
goodtimes hackathon
hackathon health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jpl
jpl jtgbash
jtgbash jtgcricket
jtgcricket jtgculture
jtgculture jtggoodtimes
jtggoodtimes jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite jtgparty
jtgparty jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever kids
kids loveforsports
loveforsports makingadifference
makingadifference mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited offsite2019
offsite2019 partyallnight
partyallnight partyswag
partyswag passionforcodes
passionforcodes philanthropy
philanthropy socialwork
socialwork spiritofgiving
spiritofgiving sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis teambuilding
teambuilding teamouting
teamouting warofcodes
warofcodes water
water wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram sort
sort recently
recently added
added oldest
oldest newest
newest january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team i...
i... 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. the...
the... september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact e...
e... last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could...
could... april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions t...
t... codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition +3
+3 april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiativ...
initiativ... cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. ...
... cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work +3
+3 offsite
offsite april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team ...
... fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited +4
+4 march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler...
cooler... aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country and...
and... abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity +4
+4 festivals
festivals march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!...
animals!... colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours +4
+4 february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking t...
t... cricket
cricket foosball
foosball +5
+5 employee
employee wellness
wellness initiative
initiative january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up c...
c... health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting...
conducting... becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup +4
+4 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact resources
resources culture
culture tech
tech abetterworld
abetterworld becausewecare
becausewecare celebratinglife
celebratinglife celebrations
celebrations christmasspirit
christmasspirit codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition colours
colours cricket
cricket cricketfever
cricketfever csractivity
csractivity dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup diwalifever
diwalifever employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work funatjtg
funatjtg fununlimited
fununlimited giveback
giveback gojtg
gojtg goodtimes
goodtimes hackathon
hackathon health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jpl
jpl jtgbash
jtgbash jtgcricket
jtgcricket jtgculture
jtgculture jtggoodtimes
jtggoodtimes jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite jtgparty
jtgparty jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever kids
kids loveforsports
loveforsports makingadifference
makingadifference mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited offsite2019
offsite2019 partyallnight
partyallnight partyswag
partyswag passionforcodes
passionforcodes philanthropy
philanthropy socialwork
socialwork spiritofgiving
spiritofgiving sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis teambuilding
teambuilding teamouting
teamouting warofcodes
warofcodes water
water wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram sort
sort recently
recently added
added oldest
oldest newest
newest january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team i...
i... 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. the...
the... september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact e...
e... last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could...
could... april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions t...
t... codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition +3
+3 april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiativ...
initiativ... cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. ...
... cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work +3
+3 offsite
offsite april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team ...
... fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited +4
+4 march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler...
cooler... aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country and...
and... abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity +4
+4 festivals
festivals march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!...
animals!... colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours +4
+4 february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking t...
t... cricket
cricket foosball
foosball +5
+5 employee
employee wellness
wellness initiative
initiative january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up c...
c... health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting...
conducting... becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup +4
+4 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact resources
resources culture
culture tech
tech abetterworld
abetterworld becausewecare
becausewecare celebratinglife
celebratinglife celebrations
celebrations christmasspirit
christmasspirit codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition colours
colours cricket
cricket cricketfever
cricketfever csractivity
csractivity dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup diwalifever
diwalifever employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work funatjtg
funatjtg fununlimited
fununlimited giveback
giveback gojtg
gojtg goodtimes
goodtimes hackathon
hackathon health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jpl
jpl jtgbash
jtgbash jtgcricket
jtgcricket jtgculture
jtgculture jtggoodtimes
jtggoodtimes jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite jtgparty
jtgparty jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever kids
kids loveforsports
loveforsports makingadifference
makingadifference mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited offsite2019
offsite2019 partyallnight
partyallnight partyswag
partyswag passionforcodes
passionforcodes philanthropy
philanthropy socialwork
socialwork spiritofgiving
spiritofgiving sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis teambuilding
teambuilding teamouting
teamouting warofcodes
warofcodes water
water wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram sort
sort recently
recently added
added oldest
oldest newest
newest january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team i...
i... 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. the...
the... september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact e...
e... last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could...
could... april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions t...
t... codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition +3
+3 april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiativ...
initiativ... cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. ...
... cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work +3
+3 offsite
offsite april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team ...
... fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited +4
+4 march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler...
cooler... aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country and...
and... abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity +4
+4 festivals
festivals march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!...
animals!... colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours +4
+4 february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking t...
t... cricket
cricket foosball
foosball +5
+5 employee
employee wellness
wellness initiative
initiative january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up c...
c... health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting...
conducting... becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup +4
+4 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
ok solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs values
values timeline
timeline leadership
leadership team
team social
social careers
careers contact
contact resources
resources culture
culture tech
tech abetterworld
abetterworld becausewecare
becausewecare celebratinglife
celebratinglife celebrations
celebrations christmasspirit
christmasspirit codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition colours
colours cricket
cricket cricketfever
cricketfever csractivity
csractivity dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup diwalifever
diwalifever employeewellnessprogram
employeewellnessprogram eyecheckup
eyecheckup festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours foosball
foosball fun@work
fun@work funatjtg
funatjtg fununlimited
fununlimited giveback
giveback gojtg
gojtg goodtimes
goodtimes hackathon
hackathon health
health healthaboveallelse
healthaboveallelse holi
holi holicelebration
holicelebration indianfestival
indianfestival jimcorbettpark
jimcorbettpark jpl
jpl jtgbash
jtgbash jtgcricket
jtgcricket jtgculture
jtgculture jtggoodtimes
jtggoodtimes jtgoffsite
jtgoffsite jtgparty
jtgparty jtgsocialresponsibility
jtgsocialresponsibility jtgsportingfever
jtgsportingfever kids
kids loveforsports
loveforsports makingadifference
makingadifference mastiunlimited
mastiunlimited offsite2019
offsite2019 partyallnight
partyallnight partyswag
partyswag passionforcodes
passionforcodes philanthropy
philanthropy socialwork
socialwork spiritofgiving
spiritofgiving sportslovers
sportslovers tabletennis
tabletennis teambuilding
teambuilding teamouting
teamouting warofcodes
warofcodes water
water wellnessprogram
wellnessprogram sort
sort recently
recently added
added oldest
oldest newest
newest january
january 9,
9, 2020
2020 jtg
jtg welcomes
welcomes fresh
fresh team
team techies,
techies, grows
grows team
team i...
i... 2020
2020 began
began propitious
propitious note
note jtg
jtg new
new batch
batch promising
promising joiners,
joiners, fresh
fresh college,
college, warmly
warmly welcomed
welcomed josh
josh family.
family. currently
currently building
building expanding
expanding teams
teams achieve
achieve newer
newer milestones
milestones continue
continue path
path excellence,
excellence, jtg
jtg getting
getting fresh
fresh talent
talent onboard.
onboard. the...
the... september
september 3,
3, 2019
2019 6
6 ways
ways ai
ai impacting
impacting (or
(or set
set to)
to) impact
impact e...
e... last
last years,
years, concept
concept artificial
artificial intelligence
intelligence taken
taken practically
practically every
every aspect
aspect lives.
lives. mark
mark zuckerburg
zuckerburg elon
elon musk,
musk, everyone
everyone hotly
hotly debating
debating talking
talking ai
ai global
global impact.
impact. ai
ai affecting
affecting lives
lives tangible
tangible ways
ways ways
ways could...
could... april
april 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg hackathon
hackathon april
april 2019:
2019: highlights
highlights jtg
jtg coders,
coders, coding
coding isn’t
isn’t work;
work; it’s
it’s way
way life.
life. love
love what’s
what’s more?
more? embrace
embrace passion
passion make
make significant
significant contributions
contributions t...
t... codersfaceoff
codersfaceoff codingcompetition
codingcompetition +3
+3 april
april 18,
18, 2019
2019 cricketing
cricketing fever
fever jtg:
jtg: team
team wellness
wellness initiativ...
initiativ... cricket-crazy
cricket-crazy nation,
nation, comes
comes surprise
surprise team
team wellness
wellness initiative
initiative taken
taken jtg’s
jtg’s organizing
organizing committee
committee would
would involve
involve cricket
cricket match.
match. ...
... cricketfever
cricketfever fun@work
fun@work +3
+3 offsite
offsite april
april 3,
3, 2019
2019 2019
2019 jtg
jtg offsite
offsite jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park visit
visit india’s
india’s famous
famous jim
jim corbett
corbett national
national park
park josh
josh technology
technology group’s
group’s 2019
2019 offsite
offsite everything
everything expected
expected some!!!
some!!! 3-day
3-day 2-night
2-night trip
trip one
one country’s
country’s spectacular
spectacular locations
locations kickstarted
kickstarted late
late night
night journey
journey 2
2 buses
buses packed
packed almost
almost 70
70 high-spirited
high-spirited team
team ...
... fun@work
fun@work fununlimited
fununlimited +4
+4 march
march 31,
31, 2019
2019 jtg’s
jtg’s csr
csr activity-
activity- water
water purifier
purifier cooler...
cooler... aim
aim jtg
jtg goes
goes extra
extra mile
mile comes
comes making
making positive
positive difference
difference society.
society. india
india developing
developing nation
nation grappling
grappling scarcity
scarcity essential
essential resources
resources existence
existence like
like water
water electricity.
electricity. unavailability
unavailability safe
safe drinking
drinking water
water affects
affects millions
millions people
people around
around country
country and...
and... abetterworld
abetterworld csractivity
csractivity +4
+4 festivals
festivals march
march 26,
26, 2019
2019 insane
insane holi
holi experience
experience jtg!
jtg! day
day world
world whirl
whirl colours,
colours, team
team members
members josh
josh technology
technology group
group got
got holi
holi mood
mood day
day advance
advance (because
(because take
take fun
fun seriously
seriously work!)
work!) holi
holi celebrations
celebrations look?
look? wild.
wild. wet.
wet. crazy!!!
crazy!!! beware!
beware! coders
coders non
non coders
coders party
party animals!...
animals!... colours
colours festivalofcolours
festivalofcolours +4
+4 february
february 26,
26, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg premier
premier league
league 2018-2019:
2018-2019: final
final face
face jtg
jtg much
much technology.
technology. admittedly,
admittedly, ultimate
ultimate haven
haven techies
techies coders,
coders, we’re
we’re also
also ‘it’
‘it’ place
place people
people looking
looking t...
t... cricket
cricket foosball
foosball +5
+5 employee
employee wellness
wellness initiative
initiative january
january 4,
4, 2019
2019 jtg
jtg wellness
wellness initiative-
initiative- dental
dental eye
eye check-up
check-up c...
c... health
health overall
overall wellness
wellness team
team members
members foremost
foremost priority
priority jtg
jtg constantly
constantly endeavouring
endeavouring put
put place
place new
new measures
measures ensure
ensure team
team members
members stay
stay top
top game.
game. right
right arranging
arranging different
different sporting
sporting events
events like
like cricket,
cricket, football,
football, table
table tennis
tennis matches,
matches, conducting...
conducting... becausewecare
becausewecare dentalcheckup
dentalcheckup +4
+4 back
back question?
question? we’d
we’d answer!
answer! thank
thank you!
you! thank
thank getting
getting touch!
touch! we’ll
we’ll get
get back
back soon.
soon. back
back let’s
let’s get
get started!
started! connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com solutions
solutions industries
industries labs
labs us
us team
team resource
resource centre
centre blogs
blogs culture
culture get
get touch
touch contact
contact careers
careers ©
© copyright
copyright 2009-
2009- josh
josh technology
technology group
group (jtg
(jtg e-business
e-business software
software private
private limited).
limited). rights
rights reserved.
reserved. privacy
privacy policy
policy terms
terms use
use careers
careers contact
contact us
us +91-124-4376916
+91-124-4376916 connect@joshtechnologygroup.com
connect@joshtechnologygroup.com we're
we're technology
technology company,
company, get
get it,
it, privacy
privacy extremely
extremely important.
important. cookies
cookies use
use site
site aimed
aimed delivering
delivering best
best experience
experience possibly
possibly can,
can, nothing
nothing more.
more. settings
settings changed
changed time,
time, otherwise,
otherwise, we'll
we'll assume
assume you're
you're fine
fine cookie
cookie use.
use. ok
